README.adoc, before:

= Rentporium
:toc:

An opinionated approach to implement Clean Architecture, DDD, SOLID principles (and more) with Java and Spring

== 🕵️‍♀️ References

The content of this repository is mainly based on the following books on software design and architecture:

* https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28602719-domain-driven-design-distilled[**Domain-Driven Design Distilled**, by Vaughn Vernon]

* https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25531393-patterns-principles-and-practices-of-domain-driven-design[**Patterns Principles and Practices of Domain Driven Design**, by Scott Millett]

* https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18043011-clean-architecture[**Clean Architecture**, by Robert C. Martin]

* https://leanpub.com/get-your-hands-dirty-on-clean-architecture[**Get Your Hands Dirty on Clean Architecture**, by Tom Hombergs]

== 🤷🏻‍♂️ What is Rentporium?

Rentporium is a fictitious company that rents all types of vehicles and wants to start a deep digital transformation.

The company currently consists of several departments, including: 

* Purchasing and maintenance 
* Customers and rentals 
* Insurances 
* Marketing and customer loyalty
* Customer service and legal

++++
<p align="center">
  <img src="./resources/img/rentporium.png">
</p>
++++

== 🛣 The road to success

Work in progress...

Commit message:

Start section 'the road to success'. Test asciidoc links/references on GitHub

README.adoc, after:

= Rentporium
:toc:
ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:relfilesuffix: .adoc]

An opinionated approach to implement Clean Architecture, DDD, SOLID principles (and more) with Java and Spring

== 🕵️‍♀️ References

The content of this repository is mainly based on the following books on software design and architecture:

* https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28602719-domain-driven-design-distilled[**Domain-Driven Design Distilled**, by Vaughn Vernon]

* https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25531393-patterns-principles-and-practices-of-domain-driven-design[**Patterns Principles and Practices of Domain Driven Design**, by Scott Millett]

* https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18043011-clean-architecture[**Clean Architecture**, by Robert C. Martin]

* https://leanpub.com/get-your-hands-dirty-on-clean-architecture[**Get Your Hands Dirty on Clean Architecture**, by Tom Hombergs]

== 🤷🏻‍♂️ What is Rentporium?

Rentporium is a fictitious company that rents all types of vehicles and wants to start a deep digital transformation.

The company currently consists of several departments, including: 

* Purchasing and maintenance 
* Customers and rentals 
* Insurances 
* Marketing and customer loyalty
* Customer service and legal

++++
<p align="center">
  <img src="./resources/img/rentporium.png">
</p>
++++

== 🛣 The road to success

In order to grow our company, Rentporium, we are going to follow a few steps to better understand the characteristics of our domain and start implementing a code base inspired by the patterns, principles and practices of Domain Driven Design.

. xref:docs/01_core_generic_supporting_domains.adoc[Identify the core, generic and supporting (sub)domains]
